Corrected some spelling/wording in YARP node (#35127)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/yarp/grpc.md

## Configure YARP's Outgoing Protocols

> YARP automatically negotiates HTTP/1.1 or HTTP/2 for outgoing proxy requests, but only for https (TLS). HTTP/2 over http (non-TLS) requires additional settings. Note that outgoing protocols are independent of incoming ones. E.g. https can be used for the incoming connection and http for the outgoing one, this is called TLS termination. For configuration details, see [here](http-client-config.md#httprequest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YARP automatically negotiates HTTP/1.1 or HTTP/2 for outgoing proxy requests, but only for https (TLS). HTTP/2 over http (non-TLS) requires additional settings. Note that outgoing protocols are independent of incoming ones. E.g. https can be used for the incoming connection and http for the outgoing one, this is called TLS termination. For configuration details, see <xref:fundamentals/servers/yarp/http-client-config#httprequest>.
```

Author: Thanks, I was going to get these later on. I was just trying to avoid doing one huge PR.

Reviewer: I was only able to address a handful of the API, grammar, and style problems. Still tho, we made good progress here. 🎉
